One of my favorite tools for generating ideas and inspiration for new content is Buzz Zummo, this service
allows you to see the most popular content on any topic or from any competitor based on social shares
and back links.
So you would open up Buzz zummo dotcom into a topic related to your industry.
This can be broad or specific, and what you get is a list of popular headlines from around the web.
These are all pieces of content about the topic you entered that performed particularly well.
You can click each headline to open up the original post, but there's also a wealth of data right here
on the results page.
Under each title you can see the author, the source and the type of content, whether it's a list or
a how to article or something else.
Then on the right side, there's an overview of the number of times the post was shared on each of the
major social media platforms, including the total number of shares on the far right.
In the middle column, you can view the back links for each result, see who shared it on Twitter or
share it yourself.
And if these results don't quite meet your needs, there are plenty of filtering options over here.
On the left, for example, you can narrow the results down to content published in the last 24 hours,
the past week, the past month, year, two years, five years, or a specific range of your choosing.
Then if you want to see a wider variety of sources, you can use this checkbox to limit your results
to one link per domain.
And you can also filter by content type language, country, word count and specific domains.
You can sort the results however you want, and you can use any of these search operators to run a more
advanced search.
And you're not limited to searching topics.
You can also enter a competitors domain name to see what content is performing well.
For them, using bazooms can be a great way to understand the mindset of your target audience and see
what types of content they're consuming.
It's also an opportunity to see where your competitors may be lacking, for example, topics they're
not covering or areas where you may be able to create something better.